Update documentation product video configuration (#667)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/product-video.md

1. Log in to your Google account and visit the [Google Developers Console][1].

> 1. Search _YouTube Data API v3_ in the Search field above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Search field at the top, enter `YouTube Data API v3` and click the search icon.
```

> 1. Make sure the API has been enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. When the API page is displayed, make sure it is enabled.
```

1. In the left panel, choose **Credentials**.

> 1. Either copy the Key in the _API keys_ table or click on _Create Credentials_ on top and select **API key**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Depending on whether you have credentials or not, do one of the following:

   - If you already have the needed credentials, copy the key in the _API keys_ table.

   - If you do not already have credentials for this API, click <span class="btn">Create Credentials</span>  at the top and follow the prompts to create the needed credentials. Under _Get your credentials_, copy the API key and click <span class="btn">Done</span>.
```

> 1. Copy the API key to the clipboard.

Reviewer: This step can be eliminated since the previous one already copies the key.

> 1. Click on the _edit_ icon on the right and make sure the API key is limited to the correct referers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click the Edit icon on the right and set the restrictions to make sure the API key is limited to the correct referrers.
```

1. Enter the **URL** of the YouTube or Vimeo video.

> 1. Click outside the field and wait for feedback on the API key or video. If everything checks out, Youtube provides base information of the video

Reviewer: We separate the result or explaintion of the step as a nested paragraph.

```suggestion
1. Click outside the field and wait for feedback on the API key or video.

   If everything checks out, Youtube provides base information of the video
```
